Data Scientist
Lisbon

GROUP BNP PARIBAS

Present in more than 30 countries, BNP Paribas Personal Finance leads the personal and consumer credit business. In some markets we are leaders, and we bet on innovation to open up new opportunities, in others we are a fast growing business. In all markets, we value relationships, knowledge sharing and responsible action.
The analytical team uses state of the art data analytical and visualization techniques to solve business issues and uncover opportunities for BNP Paribas Person Finance. We design and develop our own ML engines, and we make them available to all PF geographies. We have vast amounts of data in the Bank, and we know that the value will come with robust and secure solutions deployed in production.

ABOUT THE JOB
MISSION

As a Data Scientist you will use data and ML models to improve our interactions with our customers. As part of this, you will :

Collect data (internal & external) and investigate their business value through data analysis.
Run python-based analytical engines (direct marketing, inbound marketing, web navigation) to build or run existing models.
Use Statistical methodologies (such as clustering) to give better insights of our customer database.
Develop & improve data quality controls and standardize processes and analyses
Ensure high quality of delivery
TEAM

The Mission is important, but so is the Team and the workplace!

Welcome to BNP Paribas Personal Finance, where you will integrate the Analytics Hub, an innovative, international and creative team based in Lisbon and Porto. Our working language is English, and we offer a hybrid work model.

You will report hierarchically to the Team Leader. The marketing side of the Hub has three mid-sized teams (Data Scientists, Data Analysts and Python developers), working together on complex challenges.

The team is recent, agile, and everyone is growing together. More than 20 colleagues are working in the same field as you, sharing ideas and experiences, and you will be able to share your insights with the central teams in Paris.

We are prepared to welcome you with an initial onboarding plan, with on the job training, online learning and networking opportunities.

REQUIREMENTS

A degree in Information Technology, Computer Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics or a related field
Strong programming skills in Python
Practical knowledge in data analysis, applied mathematics, and statistics
Fluency in oral and written English
Knowledge of relational databases such as vertica, oracle, sqlserver
Good skills on collaboration, communication, adaptability, assertiveness and initiative spirit
Interest in continuous learning and new challenges (machine learning, dev)
Availability for occasional travel in Europe
Experience
Some experience in Data Science projects is appreciated

Languages
English - Fluent

Our commitments

BNP Paribas is an equal opportunity employer that is proud to provide equal employment opportunities to all job seekers. As a socially responsible company, we incorporate the principles of Diversity and Inclusion in our values and practices.

To achieve all our goals, we intend to attract, develop, and retain different profiles, assuming diversity as an enabler and differentiator of innovation, fundamental in our organization.

What makes us proud as reference employer?

Top Employer Portugal and Top Employer Europe certification, for the seventh consecutive year;
92% of our employees identify BNP Paribas as a company with "an inclusive management that supports all kinds of differences (age, origins, sexual orientation ...)";
93% of employees identify with and benefit from the "Smart Working" policy, feeling comfortable in a hybrid work environment, and with the digital tools and workspaces available;
71% of our customers are promoters of our brand.