Machine Learning Engineer, Sage, London

Full job description

About our Team:
The Data Science Centre of Enablement, situated within our broader Data & Analytics function, delivers cutting edge data science/AI/ML solutions and tools that drive business value.
We provide the infrastructure and engineering capabilities to enable other data scientists and AI professionals across the business to deliver outcomes in their respective departments.
This is an exciting opportunity to work cross-functionally with diverse technical and non-technical stakeholders across an academic publishing organisation, with an initial focus on driving value for our journals business.

Could you be our new Machine Learning Engineer? Are you?
A self-starter and passionate about ML Engineering?
Experienced in working with data scientists and other technical professionals to support model deployment?
Passionate about driving business change through innovative AI/ML approaches to complex problems?
Passionate about education and science and interested in working for an organization with a mission and vision centered on that?

Your new role:
Work cross-functionally to deliver production level data science/AI/ML solutions
Be an advocate for ML Engineering and engage with technical and non-technical stakeholders and partners alike to promote our work
Implement MLOps practices to streamline the model lifecycle from development to deployment and monitoring, with a focus on auditability, versioning, data security
Monitor and analyze the performance of deployed models and systems, and implement optimizations as required.
Remain up-to-date with the latest trends in AI/ML, MLOps, and Azure services and apply them to enhance existing solutions
Coach and guide more junior members of the team / team members with other technical backgrounds

Overview of benefits:
25 days holiday excluding bank holidays full-time/pro-rated for part-time roles
2 additional ’floating days’ of personal leave, in recognition that each of us has cultural, religious, or family commitments that fall at times when the company is not closed.
Life assurance
Income protection
Access to Sage books and journals
Tuition scheme and support for pursuing professional qualifications
Hybrid working arrangements - In office 20% of contracted hours. We work flexibly and most staff can choose to work from home for up to 80% of their contracted hours.

Other benefits, which may change include:
Variety of snacks and beverages available in the office
Home working allowance
Travel insurance
Healthy lifestyle reimbursement
Access to the Company doctor
Access to Company loans (season ticket loan, rental deposit loan, cycle loan)

Anniversary trip
If you have a disability and need any support during the application process, please contact humanresources@sagepub.co.uk. We will respond to any requests for support in a timely manner. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply.
A cover letter is important to us, this offers the hiring manager valuable insights into how your skill set aligns with the role, what unique contributions you can bring to the team and why you are interested in this position. Therefore, when applying for this role online, please upload your cover letter and CV as one document.
Applications without a cover letter may regrettably not be reviewed.

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
At Sage we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive team that is representative of all sections of society and to sustaining a culture that celebrates difference, encourages authenticity, and creates a deep sense of belonging. We welcome applications from all members of society irrespective of age, disability, sex or gender identity, sexual orientation, colour, race, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief as creating value through diversity is what makes us strong. As a business and as an organisation with an increasingly agile workforce, we're open to flexible working arrangements where appropriate.